Added a note about chaining PRs (#3)
rainlanguage/.github: CONTRIBUTING.md

- **Link Issues:** Reference any relevant issues or other pull requests.
- **Tests**: See next section.

### Chaining PRs

> Sometimes you made need to "chain" PRs, meaning each merges into the next vs merging directly into main.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Sometimes you may need to "chain" PRs, meaning each merges into the next vs merging directly into main.
```

There's two reasons you may decide to chain your PRs:
- Your changes are spread across multiple repos and one is a dependency of the other
- The task at hand is too large for a single PR and needs to be split into parts

> If neither of these are the case, please do not chain your PRs, as it potentially makes it harder to merge the most important work first.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If neither of these are the case, please do not chain your PRs, as it:

- introduces artificial dependencies, making it harder to manage/merge priorities
- is error prone if the base branch is not manually updated along the chain each merge
- can make it more difficult to understand each PR if the review structure implies logical complection where none exists
```
